com/alloyprofiling/unused/OneSigsFields.java
 com.alloyprofiling.unused.OneSigsFields
com/alloyprofiling/characteristics/multifile/signatures/Signatures.java
 com.alloyprofiling.characteristics.multifile.signatures.Signatures
com/alloyprofiling/patternsofuse/singlefile/modules/IntegerLibrary.java
 com.alloyprofiling.patternsofuse.singlefile.modules.IntegerLibrary
com/alloyprofiling/characteristics/singlefile/constraints/SigFacts.java
 com.alloyprofiling.characteristics.singlefile.constraints.SigFacts
com/alloyprofiling/patternsofuse/singlefile/integers/SetCardEqualConst.java
 com.alloyprofiling.patternsofuse.singlefile.integers.SetCardEqualConst
com/alloyprofiling/patternsofuse/singlefile/sets/SigsAsStructures.java
 com.alloyprofiling.patternsofuse.singlefile.sets.SigsAsStructures
com/alloyprofiling/unused/linearreg/Predicates.java
 com.alloyprofiling.unused.linearreg.Predicates
com/alloyprofiling/patternsofuse/multifile/integers/IntegerUse.java
 com.alloyprofiling.patternsofuse.multifile.integers.IntegerUse
com/alloyprofiling/characteristics/multifile/constraints/Predicates.java
 com.alloyprofiling.characteristics.multifile.constraints.Predicates
com/alloyprofiling/patternsofuse/multifile/scopes/Scopes.java
 com.alloyprofiling.patternsofuse.multifile.scopes.Scopes
com/alloyprofiling/patternsofuse/multifile/sets/RunCheck.java
 com.alloyprofiling.patternsofuse.multifile.sets.RunCheck
com/alloyprofiling/unused/SFRC_NoDup.java
 com.alloyprofiling.unused.SFRC_NoDup
com/alloyprofiling/patternsofuse/singlefile/modules/ModuleUseModels.java
 com.alloyprofiling.patternsofuse.singlefile.modules.ModuleUseModels
com/alloyprofiling/characteristics/multifile/signatures/FieldsByKind.java
 com.alloyprofiling.characteristics.multifile.signatures.FieldsByKind
com/alloyprofiling/unused/analysis/Imports.java
 com.alloyprofiling.unused.analysis.Imports
com/alloyprofiling/characteristics/singlefile/cornercases/RelUnionDiff.java
 com.alloyprofiling.characteristics.singlefile.cornercases.RelUnionDiff
com/alloyprofiling/characteristics/multifile/length/ModelLength.java
 com.alloyprofiling.characteristics.multifile.length.ModelLength
com/alloyprofiling/ALLOYLexer.java
 com.alloyprofiling.ALLOYLexer
com/alloyprofiling/characteristics/multifile/signatures/Scalars.java
 com.alloyprofiling.characteristics.multifile.signatures.Scalars
com/alloyprofiling/unused/FSC_NoDuplicates.java
 com.alloyprofiling.unused.FSC_NoDuplicates
com/alloyprofiling/analysiscomplexity/ProfilerComplexity.java
 com.alloyprofiling.analysiscomplexity.ProfilerComplexity
com/alloyprofiling/analysiscomplexity/singlefile/secondorderoperators/SetCardinality.java
 com.alloyprofiling.analysiscomplexity.singlefile.secondorderoperators.SetCardinality
com/alloyprofiling/characteristics/singlefile/constraints/Facts.java
 com.alloyprofiling.characteristics.singlefile.constraints.Facts
com/alloyprofiling/patternsofuse/singlefile/integers/testcontain.java
 com.alloyprofiling.patternsofuse.singlefile.integers.testcontain
com/alloyprofiling/patternsofuse/singlefile/sets/AbstractSigsNoChildren.java
 com.alloyprofiling.patternsofuse.singlefile.sets.AbstractSigsNoChildren
com/alloyprofiling/characteristics/multifile/signatures/ExtensionSigs.java
 com.alloyprofiling.characteristics.multifile.signatures.ExtensionSigs
com/alloyprofiling/patternsofuse/singlefile/sets/NonOneSigExtNoTypeDecls.java
 com.alloyprofiling.patternsofuse.singlefile.sets.NonOneSigExtNoTypeDecls
com/alloyprofiling/analysiscomplexity/multifile/secondorderoperator/SetCardinality.java
 com.alloyprofiling.analysiscomplexity.multifile.secondorderoperator.SetCardinality
com/alloyprofiling/ALLOYParser.java
 com.alloyprofiling.ALLOYParser
 com.alloyprofiling.ALLOYParser$AbsContext
 com.alloyprofiling.ALLOYParser$Abs_multiplicityContext
 com.alloyprofiling.ALLOYParser$AddContext
 com.alloyprofiling.ALLOYParser$ArrowOpContext
 com.alloyprofiling.ALLOYParser$As_name_optContext
 com.alloyprofiling.ALLOYParser$AssertDeclContext
 com.alloyprofiling.ALLOYParser$BarContext
 com.alloyprofiling.ALLOYParser$BinOpContext
 com.alloyprofiling.ALLOYParser$Bit_shifter_operatorsContext
 com.alloyprofiling.ALLOYParser$BlockContext
 com.alloyprofiling.ALLOYParser$BlockOrBarContext
 com.alloyprofiling.ALLOYParser$Block_optContext
 com.alloyprofiling.ALLOYParser$But_typescopesContext
 com.alloyprofiling.ALLOYParser$CmdDeclContext
 com.alloyprofiling.ALLOYParser$Comma_optContext
 com.alloyprofiling.ALLOYParser$CompareOpContext
 com.alloyprofiling.ALLOYParser$Const_setsContext
 com.alloyprofiling.ALLOYParser$ConstantContext
 com.alloyprofiling.ALLOYParser$DeclContext
 com.alloyprofiling.ALLOYParser$DeclsContext
 com.alloyprofiling.ALLOYParser$Decls_eContext
 com.alloyprofiling.ALLOYParser$Decls_fContext
 com.alloyprofiling.ALLOYParser$DisjContext
 com.alloyprofiling.ALLOYParser$DisjFuncContext
 com.alloyprofiling.ALLOYParser$DisjointContext
 com.alloyprofiling.ALLOYParser$DotOpContext
 com.alloyprofiling.ALLOYParser$EnumDeclContext
 com.alloyprofiling.ALLOYParser$Exactly_optContext
 com.alloyprofiling.ALLOYParser$Expect_digitContext
 com.alloyprofiling.ALLOYParser$ExprContext
 com.alloyprofiling.ALLOYParser$ExprsContext
 com.alloyprofiling.ALLOYParser$FactDeclContext
 com.alloyprofiling.ALLOYParser$FunDeclContext
 com.alloyprofiling.ALLOYParser$FunExprContext
 com.alloyprofiling.ALLOYParser$LetDeclContext
 com.alloyprofiling.ALLOYParser$MacroContext
 com.alloyprofiling.ALLOYParser$Macro_exprContext
 com.alloyprofiling.ALLOYParser$ModuleContext
 com.alloyprofiling.ALLOYParser$MultContext
 com.alloyprofiling.ALLOYParser$Mult_or_setContext
 com.alloyprofiling.ALLOYParser$MultiplicityContext
 com.alloyprofiling.ALLOYParser$NameContext
 com.alloyprofiling.ALLOYParser$NameIDContext
 com.alloyprofiling.ALLOYParser$NameOrBlockContext
 com.alloyprofiling.ALLOYParser$Name_cmd_optContext
 com.alloyprofiling.ALLOYParser$Name_optContext
 com.alloyprofiling.ALLOYParser$NamesContext
 com.alloyprofiling.ALLOYParser$Names_optContext
 com.alloyprofiling.ALLOYParser$NotOpContext
 com.alloyprofiling.ALLOYParser$NumContext
 com.alloyprofiling.ALLOYParser$NumberContext
 com.alloyprofiling.ALLOYParser$OpenContext
 com.alloyprofiling.ALLOYParser$ParaDeclsContext
 com.alloyprofiling.ALLOYParser$ParaDecls_optContext
 com.alloyprofiling.ALLOYParser$Para_openContext
 com.alloyprofiling.ALLOYParser$ParagraphContext
 com.alloyprofiling.ALLOYParser$Param_moduleContext
 com.alloyprofiling.ALLOYParser$PredDeclContext
 com.alloyprofiling.ALLOYParser$PrivContext
 com.alloyprofiling.ALLOYParser$QuantContext
 com.alloyprofiling.ALLOYParser$Rel_operatorsContext
 com.alloyprofiling.ALLOYParser$Run_or_checkContext
 com.alloyprofiling.ALLOYParser$ScopeContext
 com.alloyprofiling.ALLOYParser$Scope_optContext
 com.alloyprofiling.ALLOYParser$SetCardContext
 com.alloyprofiling.ALLOYParser$SigDeclContext
 com.alloyprofiling.ALLOYParser$SigExtContext
 com.alloyprofiling.ALLOYParser$SigExtensionContext
 com.alloyprofiling.ALLOYParser$SpecificationContext
 com.alloyprofiling.ALLOYParser$SubContext
 com.alloyprofiling.ALLOYParser$SuperSetContext
 com.alloyprofiling.ALLOYParser$TcOpContext
 com.alloyprofiling.ALLOYParser$TypescopeContext
 com.alloyprofiling.ALLOYParser$TypescopesContext
 com.alloyprofiling.ALLOYParser$UnOpContext
 com.alloyprofiling.ALLOYParser$UnionContext
com/alloyprofiling/characteristics/ProfilerCharacs.java
 com.alloyprofiling.characteristics.ProfilerCharacs
com/alloyprofiling/unused/TCComplexity.java
 com.alloyprofiling.unused.TCComplexity
com/alloyprofiling/patternsofuse/singlefile/scopes/Scopes.java
 com.alloyprofiling.patternsofuse.singlefile.scopes.Scopes
com/alloyprofiling/patternsofuse/multifile/sets/NonOneSigExtsInFormulas.java
 com.alloyprofiling.patternsofuse.multifile.sets.NonOneSigExtsInFormulas
com/alloyprofiling/characteristics/singlefile/signatures/SubsetSigs.java
 com.alloyprofiling.characteristics.singlefile.signatures.SubsetSigs
com/alloyprofiling/patternsofuse/singlefile/scopes/OrderingNonExact.java
 com.alloyprofiling.patternsofuse.singlefile.scopes.OrderingNonExact
com/alloyprofiling/unused/PredicateDecls.java
 com.alloyprofiling.unused.PredicateDecls
com/alloyprofiling/analysiscomplexity/singlefile/depthjoinsquant/DepthJoin.java
 com.alloyprofiling.analysiscomplexity.singlefile.depthjoinsquant.DepthJoin
com/alloyprofiling/unused/IntegerLib.java
 com.alloyprofiling.unused.IntegerLib
com/alloyprofiling/unused/UnusedSets.java
 com.alloyprofiling.unused.UnusedSets
com/alloyprofiling/unused/SubsetSetHierarchy.java
 com.alloyprofiling.unused.SubsetSetHierarchy
com/alloyprofiling/analysiscomplexity/singlefile/partialtotalfuncs/OverallPartialFuncs.java
 com.alloyprofiling.analysiscomplexity.singlefile.partialtotalfuncs.OverallPartialFuncs
com/alloyprofiling/analysiscomplexity/multifile/secondorderoperator/TCOperators.java
 com.alloyprofiling.analysiscomplexity.multifile.secondorderoperator.TCOperators
com/alloyprofiling/ALLOYBaseListener.java
 com.alloyprofiling.ALLOYBaseListener
com/alloyprofiling/characteristics/singlefile/signatures/Scalars.java
 com.alloyprofiling.characteristics.singlefile.signatures.Scalars
com/alloyprofiling/characteristics/singlefile/linear/FieldsTopSigs.java
 com.alloyprofiling.characteristics.singlefile.linear.FieldsTopSigs
com/alloyprofiling/retrievers/AssertionRetriever.java
 com.alloyprofiling.retrievers.AssertionRetriever
com/alloyprofiling/TestModels.java
 com.alloyprofiling.TestModels
com/alloyprofiling/characteristics/singlefile/constraints/Predicates.java
 com.alloyprofiling.characteristics.singlefile.constraints.Predicates
com/alloyprofiling/patternsofuse/singlefile/sets/Quantification.java
 com.alloyprofiling.patternsofuse.singlefile.sets.Quantification
com/alloyprofiling/analysiscomplexity/multifile/partialtotalfuncs/OverallPartialFuncs.java
 com.alloyprofiling.analysiscomplexity.multifile.partialtotalfuncs.OverallPartialFuncs
com/alloyprofiling/patternsofuse/multifile/integers/SetCardEqualConst.java
 com.alloyprofiling.patternsofuse.multifile.integers.SetCardEqualConst
com/alloyprofiling/unused/SetReferences.java
 com.alloyprofiling.unused.SetReferences
com/alloyprofiling/characteristics/singlefile/linear/LengthSetsFormulas.java
 com.alloyprofiling.characteristics.singlefile.linear.LengthSetsFormulas
com/alloyprofiling/unused/SignaturesSkipsMods.java
 com.alloyprofiling.unused.SignaturesSkipsMods
com/alloyprofiling/characteristics/singlefile/cornercases/Constants.java
 com.alloyprofiling.characteristics.singlefile.cornercases.Constants
com/alloyprofiling/unused/SFRC.java
 com.alloyprofiling.unused.SFRC
com/alloyprofiling/analysiscomplexity/singlefile/partialtotalfuncs/OverallTotalFuncs.java
 com.alloyprofiling.analysiscomplexity.singlefile.partialtotalfuncs.OverallTotalFuncs
com/alloyprofiling/characteristics/singlefile/constraints/Functions.java
 com.alloyprofiling.characteristics.singlefile.constraints.Functions
com/alloyprofiling/characteristics/singlefile/linear/FieldsExt.java
 com.alloyprofiling.characteristics.singlefile.linear.FieldsExt
com/alloyprofiling/unused/FieldSigsRatio.java
 com.alloyprofiling.unused.FieldSigsRatio
com/alloyprofiling/patternsofuse/ProfilerPatterns.java
 com.alloyprofiling.patternsofuse.ProfilerPatterns
com/alloyprofiling/patternsofuse/multifile/integers/IntegerConstOrdering.java
 com.alloyprofiling.patternsofuse.multifile.integers.IntegerConstOrdering
com/alloyprofiling/unused/Formulas.java
 com.alloyprofiling.unused.Formulas
com/alloyprofiling/unused/linearreg/SigsPredicates.java
 com.alloyprofiling.unused.linearreg.SigsPredicates
com/alloyprofiling/analysiscomplexity/multifile/partialtotalfuncs/UserTotalFuncs.java
 com.alloyprofiling.analysiscomplexity.multifile.partialtotalfuncs.UserTotalFuncs
com/alloyprofiling/unused/LinesOfCode.java
 com.alloyprofiling.unused.LinesOfCode
com/alloyprofiling/characteristics/multifile/constraints/Facts.java
 com.alloyprofiling.characteristics.multifile.constraints.Facts
com/alloyprofiling/unused/NOF.java
 com.alloyprofiling.unused.NOF
com/alloyprofiling/analysiscomplexity/singlefile/partialtotalfuncs/TotalFuncs_util.java
 com.alloyprofiling.analysiscomplexity.singlefile.partialtotalfuncs.TotalFuncs_util
com/alloyprofiling/characteristics/multifile/signatures/SubsetSigs.java
 com.alloyprofiling.characteristics.multifile.signatures.SubsetSigs
com/alloyprofiling/unused/linearreg/SigHierarchy.java
 com.alloyprofiling.unused.linearreg.SigHierarchy
com/alloyprofiling/patternsofuse/singlefile/modules/ModuleUse.java
 com.alloyprofiling.patternsofuse.singlefile.modules.ModuleUse
com/alloyprofiling/unused/linearreg/FieldsNonOneSigs.java
 com.alloyprofiling.unused.linearreg.FieldsNonOneSigs
com/alloyprofiling/patternsofuse/singlefile/integers/IntegerConstOrdering.java
 com.alloyprofiling.patternsofuse.singlefile.integers.IntegerConstOrdering
com/alloyprofiling/characteristics/singlefile/constraints/FormulasExpanded.java
 com.alloyprofiling.characteristics.singlefile.constraints.FormulasExpanded
com/alloyprofiling/unused/InheritedFields.java
 com.alloyprofiling.unused.InheritedFields
com/alloyprofiling/characteristics/singlefile/length/ModelLength.java
 com.alloyprofiling.characteristics.singlefile.length.ModelLength
com/alloyprofiling/characteristics/multifile/constraints/Assertions.java
 com.alloyprofiling.characteristics.multifile.constraints.Assertions
com/alloyprofiling/characteristics/multifile/signatures/AbstractSigs.java
 com.alloyprofiling.characteristics.multifile.signatures.AbstractSigs
com/alloyprofiling/analysiscomplexity/singlefile/secondorderoperators/TCOperators.java
 com.alloyprofiling.analysiscomplexity.singlefile.secondorderoperators.TCOperators
com/alloyprofiling/unused/MultipleInheritance.java
 com.alloyprofiling.unused.MultipleInheritance
com/alloyprofiling/patternsofuse/singlefile/sets/OneSigUse.java
 com.alloyprofiling.patternsofuse.singlefile.sets.OneSigUse
com/alloyprofiling/characteristics/singlefile/signatures/Fields.java
 com.alloyprofiling.characteristics.singlefile.signatures.Fields
com/alloyprofiling/patternsofuse/singlefile/sets/NonOneSigExtUse.java
 com.alloyprofiling.patternsofuse.singlefile.sets.NonOneSigExtUse
com/alloyprofiling/patternsofuse/multifile/formulas/FormulaStyles.java
 com.alloyprofiling.patternsofuse.multifile.formulas.FormulaStyles
com/alloyprofiling/patternsofuse/multifile/modules/IntegerLibrary.java
 com.alloyprofiling.patternsofuse.multifile.modules.IntegerLibrary
com/alloyprofiling/patternsofuse/singlefile/sets/SetHierarchyTrees.java
 com.alloyprofiling.patternsofuse.singlefile.sets.SetHierarchyTrees
com/alloyprofiling/characteristics/singlefile/signatures/AbstractSigs.java
 com.alloyprofiling.characteristics.singlefile.signatures.AbstractSigs
com/alloyprofiling/characteristics/multifile/constraints/Functions.java
 com.alloyprofiling.characteristics.multifile.constraints.Functions
com/alloyprofiling/patternsofuse/multifile/modules/ModuleUse.java
 com.alloyprofiling.patternsofuse.multifile.modules.ModuleUse
com/alloyprofiling/unused/analysis/makeCSV.java
 com.alloyprofiling.unused.analysis.makeCSV
com/alloyprofiling/unused/linearreg/FieldsSub.java
 com.alloyprofiling.unused.linearreg.FieldsSub
com/alloyprofiling/unused/FunctionDecls.java
 com.alloyprofiling.unused.FunctionDecls
com/alloyprofiling/patternsofuse/singlefile/sets/SCG.java
 com.alloyprofiling.patternsofuse.singlefile.sets.SCG
com/alloyprofiling/analysiscomplexity/multifile/partialtotalfuncs/OverallTotalFuncs.java
 com.alloyprofiling.analysiscomplexity.multifile.partialtotalfuncs.OverallTotalFuncs
com/alloyprofiling/analysiscomplexity/singlefile/depthjoinsquant/DepthQuantification.java
 com.alloyprofiling.analysiscomplexity.singlefile.depthjoinsquant.DepthQuantification
com/alloyprofiling/patternsofuse/multifile/sets/SCG.java
 com.alloyprofiling.patternsofuse.multifile.sets.SCG
com/alloyprofiling/characteristics/singlefile/signatures/Signatures.java
 com.alloyprofiling.characteristics.singlefile.signatures.Signatures
com/alloyprofiling/characteristics/singlefile/constraints/CheckForms.java
 com.alloyprofiling.characteristics.singlefile.constraints.CheckForms
com/alloyprofiling/characteristics/multifile/signatures/Fields.java
 com.alloyprofiling.characteristics.multifile.signatures.Fields
com/alloyprofiling/characteristics/multifile/constraints/FormulasExpanded.java
 com.alloyprofiling.characteristics.multifile.constraints.FormulasExpanded
com/alloyprofiling/characteristics/multifile/constraints/SigFacts.java
 com.alloyprofiling.characteristics.multifile.constraints.SigFacts
com/alloyprofiling/patternsofuse/singlefile/scopes/ScopeLevels.java
 com.alloyprofiling.patternsofuse.singlefile.scopes.ScopeLevels
com/alloyprofiling/retrievers/FunctionRetriever.java
 com.alloyprofiling.retrievers.FunctionRetriever
com/alloyprofiling/ModuleParamsBuilder.java
 com.alloyprofiling.ModuleParamsBuilder
com/alloyprofiling/unused/linearreg/CmdHolders.java
 com.alloyprofiling.unused.linearreg.CmdHolders
com/alloyprofiling/characteristics/singlefile/cornercases/BitshiftingOperators.java
 com.alloyprofiling.characteristics.singlefile.cornercases.BitshiftingOperators
com/alloyprofiling/patternsofuse/multifile/sets/SetHierarchyTrees.java
 com.alloyprofiling.patternsofuse.multifile.sets.SetHierarchyTrees
com/alloyprofiling/analysiscomplexity/singlefile/partialtotalfuncs/PartialFuncs.java
 com.alloyprofiling.analysiscomplexity.singlefile.partialtotalfuncs.PartialFuncs
com/alloyprofiling/characteristics/singlefile/constraints/Assertions.java
 com.alloyprofiling.characteristics.singlefile.constraints.Assertions
com/alloyprofiling/characteristics/singlefile/signatures/ExtensionSigs.java
 com.alloyprofiling.characteristics.singlefile.signatures.ExtensionSigs
com/alloyprofiling/analysiscomplexity/singlefile/arity/FieldArity.java
 com.alloyprofiling.analysiscomplexity.singlefile.arity.FieldArity
com/alloyprofiling/patternsofuse/singlefile/scopes/IntegerScopes.java
 com.alloyprofiling.patternsofuse.singlefile.scopes.IntegerScopes
com/alloyprofiling/analysiscomplexity/singlefile/partialtotalfuncs/PartialFuncs_util.java
 com.alloyprofiling.analysiscomplexity.singlefile.partialtotalfuncs.PartialFuncs_util
com/alloyprofiling/unused/AverageFields.java
 com.alloyprofiling.unused.AverageFields
com/alloyprofiling/unused/ModelSpan.java
 com.alloyprofiling.unused.ModelSpan
com/alloyprofiling/retrievers/RelationRetriever.java
 com.alloyprofiling.retrievers.RelationRetriever
com/alloyprofiling/patternsofuse/multifile/modules/ModuleUseModels.java
 com.alloyprofiling.patternsofuse.multifile.modules.ModuleUseModels
com/alloyprofiling/patternsofuse/singlefile/integers/IntegerOrdering.java
 com.alloyprofiling.patternsofuse.singlefile.integers.IntegerOrdering
com/alloyprofiling/characteristics/multifile/signatures/TopLevelSigs.java
 com.alloyprofiling.characteristics.multifile.signatures.TopLevelSigs
com/alloyprofiling/analysiscomplexity/singlefile/partialtotalfuncs/TotalFuncs.java
 com.alloyprofiling.analysiscomplexity.singlefile.partialtotalfuncs.TotalFuncs
com/alloyprofiling/characteristics/singlefile/signatures/TopLevelSigs.java
 com.alloyprofiling.characteristics.singlefile.signatures.TopLevelSigs
com/alloyprofiling/patternsofuse/singlefile/integers/IntegerUse.java
 com.alloyprofiling.patternsofuse.singlefile.integers.IntegerUse
com/alloyprofiling/unused/linearreg/LengthModules.java
 com.alloyprofiling.unused.linearreg.LengthModules
com/alloyprofiling/characteristics/singlefile/cornercases/UnionSuperset.java
 com.alloyprofiling.characteristics.singlefile.cornercases.UnionSuperset
com/alloyprofiling/ALLOYListener.java
 com.alloyprofiling.ALLOYListener
com/alloyprofiling/retrievers/EnumRetriever.java
 com.alloyprofiling.retrievers.EnumRetriever
com/alloyprofiling/patternsofuse/singlefile/sets/StructuresWithTC.java
 com.alloyprofiling.patternsofuse.singlefile.sets.StructuresWithTC
com/alloyprofiling/patternsofuse/singlefile/formulas/FormulaStyles.java
 com.alloyprofiling.patternsofuse.singlefile.formulas.FormulaStyles
com/alloyprofiling/patternsofuse/multifile/scopes/OrderingNonExact.java
 com.alloyprofiling.patternsofuse.multifile.scopes.OrderingNonExact
com/alloyprofiling/characteristics/singlefile/constraints/RunForms.java
 com.alloyprofiling.characteristics.singlefile.constraints.RunForms
com/alloyprofiling/retrievers/PredicateRetriever.java
 com.alloyprofiling.retrievers.PredicateRetriever
com/alloyprofiling/retrievers/SigRetriever.java
 com.alloyprofiling.retrievers.SigRetriever
com/alloyprofiling/characteristics/singlefile/constraints/RunCheck.java
 com.alloyprofiling.characteristics.singlefile.constraints.RunCheck
com/alloyprofiling/patternsofuse/singlefile/sets/AbstractSigsNoFields.java
 com.alloyprofiling.patternsofuse.singlefile.sets.AbstractSigsNoFields
com/alloyprofiling/patternsofuse/multifile/sets/SigsAsStructures.java
 com.alloyprofiling.patternsofuse.multifile.sets.SigsAsStructures
com/alloyprofiling/characteristics/singlefile/cornercases/Macros.java
 com.alloyprofiling.characteristics.singlefile.cornercases.Macros
com/alloyprofiling/unused/FRI.java
 com.alloyprofiling.unused.FRI
com/alloyprofiling/ResultWriter.java
 com.alloyprofiling.ResultWriter
com/alloyprofiling/characteristics/singlefile/signatures/FieldsByKind.java
 com.alloyprofiling.characteristics.singlefile.signatures.FieldsByKind
com/alloyprofiling/characteristics/multifile/constraints/RunCheck.java
 com.alloyprofiling.characteristics.multifile.constraints.RunCheck
com/alloyprofiling/patternsofuse/multifile/integers/IntegerOrdering.java
 com.alloyprofiling.patternsofuse.multifile.integers.IntegerOrdering
com/alloyprofiling/patternsofuse/multifile/scopes/IntegerScopes.java
 com.alloyprofiling.patternsofuse.multifile.scopes.IntegerScopes
com/alloyprofiling/characteristics/multifile/linear/LengthSetsFormulas.java
 com.alloyprofiling.characteristics.multifile.linear.LengthSetsFormulas
com/alloyprofiling/ModelBuilder.java
 com.alloyprofiling.ModelBuilder
